A green smoothie...
c0000001
-Excuse me...
-...a banana juice.
c0000002
-And a fresh strawberry...
-...could I have one fresh...
c0000003
-...strawberry shake, and also.
-...shake would be nice!
c0000004
-Oh, I know!
-[ISKA] Let's see.
c0000005
[TOGETHER] Melon soda
with special coconut ice cream,
c0000006
topped with fresh whipped cream
c0000007
and a swirl
of the enderflower syrup.
c0000008
Ah, oh?
c0000009
Ahh?
c0000010
♪
c0000011
-It's you.
-Hold on.
c0000012
Oh, my gosh, Alice?
c0000013
Iska!
What are you doing here?
c0000014
What are you doing here,
Imperial soldier?
c0000015
-Uh, who're you?
-[annoyed sigh]
c0000016
Does this ring a bell?
c0000017
Oh, Rin!
c0000018
What brings you
to the Sovereignty?
c0000019
Well, it's funny
you should ask me.
c0000020
[ALICE] Of course, the man
can also pull off glasses.
c0000021
He looks so sophisticated.
c0000022
Focus up, lady!
c0000023
Is this for the Empire?
c0000024
'Cause if it is,
I have to stop you.
c0000025
No, no, no, it's not like
that at all, I promise!
c0000026
[FEMALE SERVER 202A]
Order for one melon soda
c0000027
and one strawberry shake
is ready!
c0000028
Oh, that's me.
c0000029
Please, be careful
not to drop it.
c0000030
[ISKA]
Yeah, I'll do my best, thanks.
c0000031
Listen, this thing,
it's not a mission!
c0000032
I came here
against my will, okay?
c0000033
I, uh, well...sort of...
c0000034
[groans]
c0000035
What am I missing, then?
c0000036
You can fill me in outside,
let's go.
c0000037
[WARVICK] Lady Alice.
c0000038
We're glad you're here,
thank you for coming.
c0000039
Kisasage and Warvick!
c0000040
This is Sisbell's
security detail.
c0000041
This young man, who is he?
c0000042
Oh, he's, um... I was about
to give him some directions!
c0000043
He said this place
is like a maze,
c0000044
so I was trying
to help him find the exit.
c0000045
[ALICE]
Now, off you go, sir!
c0000046
-Yeah, okay.
-[sighs]
c0000047
[ALICE] We'll regroup
at 9:00 p.m. sharp.
c0000048
Be ready to move out by then.
c0000049
-Yes, ma'am, as you wish!
c0000050
-[slurps]
-[ALICE] Rin.
c0000051
You're looking for the soldier?
c0000052
He's headed
toward exit eight now.
c0000053
Your drink, My Lady.
c0000054
[ALICE]
Based on the stuff he ordered,
c0000055
I'd say he's traveling
with at least one other person.
c0000056
[RIN] Likely
a soldier from the Empire.
c0000057
That Captain Mismis.
You think it's her?
c0000058
It's very possible.
c0000059
Whether it is or not,
we can't allow the Empire
c0000060
to infiltrate the Sovereignty.
c0000061
Over there...it's him.
c0000062
He's a fool.
c0000063
How dare he hide
in plain sight!
c0000064
Yeah, that is rather strange.
c0000065
Why didn't he flee?
c0000066
[RIN] Do you think he might
be waiting for someone?
c0000067
Um.
c0000068
[slurps]
c0000069
-What?
-[grunts]
c0000070
[ALICE]
It's Sisbell?
c0000071
Thank you for getting me
that drink!
c0000072
I'm sorry I made you wait.
c0000073
We need to leave, Sisbell.
Let's go!
c0000074
Ah?!
c0000075
What do you mean,
"we need to leave?"
c0000076
Why are you in such a hurry?
c0000077
[SISBELL]
Hang on, Iska, wait for me!
c0000078
She kept her
whereabouts a secret,
c0000079
so it seems rational to assume
c0000080
she has a connection
with the Empire.
c0000081
[RIN]
But she's not incognito?
c0000082
[ALICE] All right, sister.
What the hell are you up to?
c0000083
[indistinct chatter]
c0000084
[ALICE]
Okay, why am I so irritated?
c0000085
I'm not following them
because I'm jealous,
c0000086
it simply must be done!
c0000087
Look at them!
c0000088
[RIN]
Lady Sisbell took the drink!
c0000089
I have eyes, Rin.
c0000090
[ALICE]
Are you serious?
c0000091
It's like
she's actually enjoying this!
c0000092
-Lady Alice!
-What is it, now?
c0000093
[RIN] Their shoulders.
They're about to touch!
c0000094
Oh, they are like,
way too close together!
c0000095
What is going on?
c0000096
That man's
an Imperial soldier, sis!
c0000097
My Lady, quick,
it's getting worse!
c0000098
[RIN] Lady Sisbell's wrapping
her arm around his!
c0000099
-[soft gasp]
-Hang on a sec!
c0000100
Sister, how can you not see?
c0000101
Iska's uncomfortable.
c0000102
♪
c0000103
[gasps]
c0000104
[whimpering]
c0000105
[heart pounding]
c0000106
Lady Alice?
c0000107
My goodness,
look at your poor face!
c0000108
[RIN] Your cheeks
are incredibly flushed!
c0000109
Of course, they are,
this is a serious matter, okay?
c0000110
Why would she
be doing this to me?
c0000111
Iska's mine!
c0000112
Look, she's making moves again!
c0000113
Hmm.
c0000114
♪
c0000115
[groans]
c0000116
[gasps]
c0000117
[chuckles]
c0000118
Is this utter lack of propriety
part of her disguise?
c0000119
I've never been so envious.
c0000120
Pay that no mind!
c0000121
You see?
Iska's in shock, too!
c0000122
Oh, no, the horror!
c0000123
[deep breath]
c0000124
[ALICE]
No, Sisbell, you can't!
c0000125
Don't do it!
c0000126
[chomps]
c0000127
[growls]
You want a war, you'll get one.
c0000128
Um, that's a little rash.
c0000129
So, our greatest threat
wasn't the Empire, after all.
c0000130
[RIN]
I'm sorry?
c0000131
I'll turn her into an ice
sculpture and sell her off.
c0000132
That traitor will fetch
a high price.
c0000133
That's your sister,
calm yourself!
c0000134
-Let go of me, Rin!
-I shan't, M'Lady!
c0000135
Mother will understand!
c0000136
This duel was as inevitable
as fate itself!
c0000137
There will not be any duels!
c0000138
Ugh!
I guess you're right.
c0000139
At least, the cream
wasn't on his lips,
c0000140
it was only his cheek.
c0000141
Okay?
c0000142
Lady Alice...
with your permission,
c0000143
I'd like to handle
this matter myself.
c0000144
Ugh, good Lord, I've never seen
the princess so flustered!
c0000145
What's gotten into her?
c0000146
This was all
supposed to be over
c0000147
when Lady Sisbell
was back in our hands!
c0000148
I shouldn't have to be
playing mediator right now!
c0000149
[RIN]
Damn Imperial swordsman!
c0000150
This is all your fault!
c0000151
-It's you!
-Don't make a scene.
c0000152
Especially you, terrorist!
c0000153
[RIN] Lady Sisbell,
we've been looking for you!
c0000154
You're not in your
usual clothes.
c0000155
-Why?
-No time for that.
c0000156
Masked Lord suspects you
of treason.
c0000157
[gasps]
c0000158
We have been sent
on a mission by the Queen.
c0000159
Your sister and I
are here to protect you.
c0000160
I don't believe
I requested protection.
c0000161
Could you relay
that message to Alice?
c0000162
Then I just have
one question for you.
c0000163
You're gonna ask
why I'm here, aren't you?
c0000164
-It's fine.
-Hmm.
c0000165
Truth is, I'm really
doing this for my boss.
c0000166
-[SISBELL] Iska?
-We need to be honest, okay?
c0000167
If we stay quiet, we'll make
enemies of both factions.
c0000168
If you insist.
c0000169
But I'll be the one
to explain it.
c0000170
[CROWD]
Ah!
c0000171
[indistinct chatter]
c0000172
Ah?
c0000173
[chomps]
c0000174
Dee-lish.
c0000175
-[ALL] Ah!
-And I thought we were friends.
c0000176
It's been ages since the two
of us were in the same room,
c0000177
yet, here we are.
c0000178
[SALINGER] First thing he does
is shove this in my face.
c0000179
[paper crinkling]
c0000180
[fire crackling]
c0000181
Emperor Yunmelngin,
you monster.
c0000182
What the hell's
going on with you?
c0000183
-[ISKA] We're back.
-[MISMIS] Welcome back!
c0000184
Hey, what happened to her?
c0000185
Intro to espionage
must have worn her out.
c0000186
[ISKA] Jhin, can I ask you
to hold down the fort again?
c0000187
Just keep it under an hour.
c0000188
[ISKA]
Got it.
c0000189
I see you came alone,
as promised.
c0000190
I did.
c0000191
[RIN]
Where's Lady Sisbell?
c0000192
She's sleeping soundly.
c0000193
I think someone wore her out
with the interrogation.
c0000194
[sighs]
She made her choice.
c0000195
I would argue that
she only has herself to blame.
c0000196
I can't believe
she enlisted the Empire.
c0000197
If the public finds out,
they'll riot.
c0000198
[ISKA] Well,
we didn't ask for any of this.
c0000199
We'd rather get
our compensation now
c0000200
and immediately
leave the Sovereignty.
c0000201
[RIN] Those terms are strictly
between you and Lady Sisbell.
c0000202
It will be a huge problem
if this comes to light,
c0000203
and if that happens...
you're all on your own.
c0000204
The royal family will have no
choice but to feign ignorance.
c0000205
They'll just turn
a blind eye, huh?
c0000206
Afraid so.
c0000207
I wouldn't have believed
she had an Imperial soldier
c0000208
as a guard.
c0000209
Not until I saw you.
c0000210
Hm?
c0000211
[ISKA]
However, Lady Alice requested
c0000212
to hear the story
directly from you.
c0000213
[gasps]
c0000214
[RIN]
You're going in by yourself.
c0000215
-What about you?
-[gasps]
c0000216
-Hurry up and go in.
-Ow!
c0000217
You'll likely be interrogated
or tortured!
c0000218
You're not exactly
talking me into it.
c0000219
For some reason, her emotions
have been all over the place.
c0000220
Weird, I wonder why?
c0000221
[RIN]
No idea.
c0000222
All I know for sure is,
someone's going
c0000223
to have to be sacrificed
to her rage.
c0000224
And I'm not volunteering.
c0000225
Yeah, well, I'm not either!
c0000226
-Too bad!
-[grunting]
c0000227
♪
c0000228
[ISKA]
Huh?
c0000229
♪
c0000230
Uh, Alice.
c0000231
So, hi?
c0000232
Listen, Rin brought me here
to talk to you because...
c0000233
she said you wanted info,
and that you wanted it from me?
c0000234
-[ALICE] I don't care.
-[ISKA] Hm?
c0000235
That's not
what you're here for.
c0000236
[groans]
c0000237
Tell me...why, Iska?
c0000238
Just what is the meaning
of all of this?
c0000239
I'd answer you,
but, I don't actually know
c0000240
what you're asking me.
c0000241
You were walking
around with her.
c0000242
-[ISKA] With Sisbell?
-Mm-hm.
c0000243
You don't think I saw you?
c0000244
Well, yeah.
c0000245
We were doing
some recon back there.
c0000246
Making sure Masked Lord
hadn't followed us.
c0000247
What we're doing is
unacceptable to both nations.
c0000248
And I know it's wrong.
c0000249
I-Is that why
you're so upset right now?
c0000250
No.
c0000251
No, it's just...
c0000252
Alice, look...
c0000253
I didn't intend
to hurt your feelings.
c0000254
But I won't know
what I did until you tell me.
c0000255
[ALICE]
You were walking together.
c0000256
Pardon?
c0000257
[ALICE] Just, strutting
around, holding hands...
c0000258
you came here without me!
c0000259
Yeah, but, I'm her bodyguard.
c0000260
So?
c0000261
You should really be more
sensitive to these things!
c0000262
-[gasps]
-It's just, Sisbell gets...
c0000263
all the fun!
c0000264
No fair!
c0000265
♪
c0000266
Huh?
c0000267
It's betrayal,
plain and simple!
c0000268
[ISKA]
Wait, a betrayal of what?
c0000269
[ALICE]
You promised you'd be my rival!
c0000270
But you're letting her
boss you around!
c0000271
I wouldn't exactly
call this a betrayal!
c0000272
Our lives are kinda
on the line, you know!
c0000273
Yeah, well, I refuse
to accept that stance.
c0000274
How about this?
c0000275
If we cease
our operation right away,
c0000276
would you give us
a few nebula bandages?
c0000277
[groans]
No, I would never do that!
c0000278
What? You think I would just
help out our enemies?
c0000279
In that case,
you leave us no choice.
c0000280
[grunting]
c0000281
Hey, childish protest
won't change things.
c0000282
[groaning sigh]
This ordeal enrages me.
c0000283
And you don't even care.
c0000284
I mean, it'd be weird if I did.
c0000285
We're enemies, after all.
c0000286
Yeah, maybe that's why
I'm cooling down.
c0000287
Or it could be your face.
c0000288
I'm feeling better regardless.
c0000289
And just to be clear...
c0000290
[sighs]
...I'm not angry with you.
c0000291
-At least, not right now.
-[ISKA] You're not?
c0000292
Then, you're not angry
with Sisbell either, right?
c0000293
Of course, I'm mad at her!
c0000294
She's the one
I'm super pissed off at!
c0000295
Oh, I see.
c0000296
What are you gonna do, then?
c0000297
-Great question.
-Aah?
c0000298
[ALICE]
You were summoned here today
c0000299
for your official testimony.
c0000300
As the second-ranking princess
of the Nebulis Sovereignty,
c0000301
I'm allowed to prosecute
the lower-ranked princesses.
c0000302
They allow that sort of thing?
c0000303
Oh, yeah, I'll form a committee
when we get back to the palace.
c0000304
[ISKA]
You're taking this too far!
c0000305
It's my duty to find out
what she did to you.
c0000306
And as your one and only rival,
c0000307
I do believe
I have the right to know.
c0000308
[ISKA]
What's with the glasses?
c0000309
[gasps]
They're for the reenactment.
c0000310
[footsteps]
c0000311
Alice!, what is this?
c0000312
Was the witness
holding onto her hand?
c0000313
[ALICE]
Like this.
c0000314
-[whimpering]
-[ALICE] Hey! Stay right here!
c0000315
-[gasps]
-Is this what she was doing?
c0000316
[ALICE]
For accuracy.
c0000317
[ISKA] You know the answer,
you saw it happen!
c0000318
Yes, but I must
experience it to understand!
c0000319
Now, where were we?
c0000320
Oh, yes, that's right.
Your hand is quite rough.
c0000321
[ISKA]
You're acting so weird!
c0000322
This is a real investigation!
c0000323
[ALICE]
Look how scandalous this is!
c0000324
[gasping]
c0000325
[ALICE]
A princess of the Sovereignty,
c0000326
locking arms with the enemy
in broad daylight.
c0000327
Yeah, much the same
as you're doing right now.
c0000328
I'm just trying
to verify the facts here!
c0000329
With a case like this,
the smaller details matter,
c0000330
so the examination
has got to be thorough!
c0000331
"Thorough," eh?
c0000332
[ALICE] Let's see...
if memory serves me,
c0000333
I believe you two were
a lot closer that day.
c0000334
Wait!
c0000335
-[gasps]
-[ALICE] Yeah, like this.
c0000336
[gasps]
c0000337
Uh, Alice,
you're acting strange!
c0000338
-What are you doing?
-Being thorough, remember?
c0000339
It's just not fair.
c0000340
Walking around, so sinfully.
c0000341
If it's so sinful,
then maybe you should let go.
c0000342
It's not that easy!
c0000343
[panting]
c0000344
What are you doing now?
c0000345
[ALICE]
I-I dunno, I'm nervous!
c0000346
Of course,
my breathing is labored,
c0000347
being so close to my enemy.
c0000348
[ISKA]
Just let go of me, then!
c0000349
[ALICE]
But I don't wanna let go.
c0000350
-Ah?
-No!
c0000351
You've got the wrong idea!
c0000352
[ALICE] It's not
like that, Iska, I just...
c0000353
I was trying to understand
what Sisbell was feeling, okay?
c0000354
[gasping]
c0000355
[sighs]
c0000356
♪
c0000357
Uh...I was just thinking.
c0000358
-[door slams open]
-I'm here!
c0000359
Are you all right, My Lady?
c0000360
[RIN]
I couldn't stand it.
c0000361
It's too dangerous
for you two to be alone!
c0000362
Rin, I was in the middle
of something!
c0000363
-[RIN] And that was?
-Uh...
c0000364
-Look at you.
-[ALICE] What is it?
c0000365
[RIN] Your skin,
it's positively glowing.
c0000366
Oh, yeah?
You don't say.
c0000367
Did something happen?
c0000368
What?
No way!
c0000369
Your cheeks
are as red as the sunset.
c0000370
Oh, please,
you're just imagining things!
c0000371
[RIN]
Ma'am, if I may.
c0000372
This isn't good,
you're burning up!
c0000373
You must get some bed-rest
immediately, I insist!
c0000374
That's not true,
I'm perfectly fine.
c0000375
You're a monster!
c0000376
Lady Alice clearly has a fever
and you've chosen to respond
c0000377
with the weak cowardice
of inaction!
c0000378
You've got it all wrong!
c0000379
Silence, villain, you have
two seconds to get out!
c0000380
You guys are the ones
who told me to come in here!
c0000381
[panting]
c0000382
[ISKA] Oh, man, I can still
feel Alice's warmth.
c0000383
[running footsteps]
c0000384
It's not fair!
c0000385
They've got everything wrong!
c0000386
[running footsteps]
c0000387
[ELLETEAR] I'm impressed.
Happy, even!
c0000388
I didn't think
you had it in you.
c0000389
Calling for a fake
emergency conference.
c0000390
All to keep the Zoa here,
so Alice has more time
c0000391
to find Sisbell?
c0000392
Abusing your sacred authority
for your own benefit.
c0000393
Well!
c0000394
[chuckles]
My heart is racing.
c0000395
This is how a queen should be!
c0000396
Elletear, dear.
c0000397
Refrain from making misleading
statements, please.
c0000398
[ELLETEAR]
My apologies, Your Majesty!
c0000399
I was simply making
small talk to pass the time!
c0000400
Your Majesty, it's time to go.
c0000401
[MILLAVAIR]
Right. Shall we?
c0000402
[footsteps]
c0000403
[ON (MASKED LORD)] House
of Lou, I bid thee farewell!
c0000404
[explosion]
c0000405
Not today.
Legion of Divine Wind!
c0000406
[gasps]
c0000407
[sighs]
c0000408
Is everyone all right?
c0000409
[FEMALE SOLDIER 202A]
Yes.
c0000410
[MALE SOLDIER 202A] We'll all
be okay, thanks to you.
c0000411
But we must stop your bleeding!
c0000412
I'll be fine, I assure you.
c0000413
My palms are red,
but it's only a bruise.
c0000414
That was a very close call.
c0000415
We were all lucky to be in your
presence when it happened.
c0000416
My Queen!
c0000417
[MALE SOLDIER 202C]
Lady Elletear, what was that?
c0000418
Someone just made
an attempt on the crown.
c0000419
Did you see anyone
suspicious outside the door?
c0000420
[FEMALE SOLDIER 202D]
No!
c0000421
[MALE SOLDIER 202C]
We saw nothing worth reporting!
c0000422
Your Majesty,
I can't say for sure,
c0000423
but I think I heard a familiar
voice before the flames.
c0000424
What a coincidence,
I think I heard it, too.
c0000425
Well, to me, it sounded
the same as Masked Lord.
c0000426
Yes, dare I say,
I heard it, too.
c0000427
I did, too.
c0000428
The conference is now canceled.
c0000429
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
My Queen, what's this?
c0000430
The throne room's destroyed.
c0000431
I can't believe what I'm seeing
before the family meets.
c0000432
We were all attacked just now.
c0000433
It was the plot
of a ruthless traitor
c0000434
who had schemed
to assassinate me.
c0000435
Really?
Who was it?
c0000436
[MILLAVAIR]
By all accounts, it was you.
c0000437
Did I hear you correctly?
c0000438
Help me understand
what you mean.
c0000439
You can explain it yourself
on the witness stand.
c0000440
Oh, I see.
What an interesting twist.
c0000441
I will interview each and every
member of the House of Zo--
c0000442
[TALISMAN] I implore you
to wait, Your Majesty.
c0000443
As the head of Hydra,
you know I always look forward
c0000444
to these conferences
of the Three Founding Families.
c0000445
But it seems
there's been a disaster.
c0000446
[MILLAVAIR]
Lord Talisman.
c0000447
[TALISMAN]
Before we make any decisions,
c0000448
I think it's important
we attend to these wounds.
c0000449
We cannot risk something
happening to you!
c0000450
Treat her! Right away!
c0000451
-Sir!
c0000452
And who would you suggest
deal with the House of Zoa?
c0000453
Allow me to make things right.
c0000454
Can you?
c0000455
[TALISMAN]
If you have concerns,
c0000456
we'll make sure a recorder from
the House of Lou is present.
c0000457
And we'll continue to look for
the culprit at the same time.
c0000458
A serious incident like this
may not be the work
c0000459
of Masked Lord alone.
c0000460
It's possible the House of Zoa
or outsiders
c0000461
such as the Empire
are involved.
c0000462
Vichyssoise, show yourself.
c0000463
♪
c0000464
My Queen,
c0000465
I'd be honored to help you.
c0000466
[ELLETEAR] I am also in favor
of Lord Talisman's proposal.
c0000467
Elletear.
c0000468
[ELLETEAR]
Your Majesty.
c0000469
This was an assassination
attempt on you.
c0000470
We must mobilize
all the royal families.
c0000471
For the Sovereignty!
c0000472
♪
c0000473
[MILLAVAIR]
Very well, then.
c0000474
Lord Talisman, Vichyssoise,
c0000475
would you assist
our great house?
c0000476
We shall use our combined might
to resolve this
c0000477
and leave it behind.
c0000478
I'll make arrangements
right away.
c0000479
♪
c0000480
Is Masked Lord
capable of such treachery?
c0000481
[MILLAVAIR] It seems the
only way to get through this
c0000482
is with Sisbell's help.
c0000483
She would be able
to identify the crime,
c0000484
and our true culprit.
c0000485
[MILLAVAIR]
I'm sure our enemies
c0000486
will come to the
same conclusion.
c0000487
And with that,
mark their next target.
c0000488
Make haste, Alice.
c0000489
Bring Sisbell
back to the palace.
c0000490
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1B] This is
quite an accomplishment, Risya.
c0000491
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
Through Omen's research,
c0000492
we created artificial astral
crests for our soldiers.
c0000493
The trial was a success.
c0000494
Out of twelve attempted border
crossings, ten succeeded.
c0000495
[RISYA] To be honest, I was
terrified it might not work.
c0000496
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
Worry not!
c0000497
One of the units made it to the
Sovereignty's Central Province.
c0000498
I'm honored to be recognized.
c0000499
But instead of a cheap bonus,
could I just have a vacation?
c0000500
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A] You
will have to ask the Emperor.
c0000501
Unfortunately, you are not
under our jurisdiction.
c0000502
Why did I have a feeling
you'd tell me that?
c0000503
Did any of them make it
into the Royal Palace?
c0000504
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
I'm afraid not, no.
c0000505
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
However, something interesting
c0000506
occurred in the palace itself.
c0000507
[RISYA]
Yeah? First I've heard of it.
c0000508
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1B] It
seems Queen Nebulis the 8th
c0000509
was attacked.
c0000510
Just so we're on the same page,
c0000511
are you sure it wasn't
an Imperial attack?
c0000512
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
Positive.
c0000513
There are descendants
of the Founders
c0000514
that are unhappy
with the current Queen.
c0000515
That seems a little extreme
for just being "unhappy."
c0000516
Could you simply tell me
what you're getting at, please?
c0000517
You have someone
in the Sovereignty
c0000518
helping the Empire, don't you?
c0000519
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1B] As a
reward for your accomplishment,
c0000520
we'll divulge one thing to you.
c0000521
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
We do have a contact
c0000522
on the inside
who keeps in touch.
c0000523
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
This person is a purebred
c0000524
from the Sovereignty,
they go by Subject E.
c0000525
[sighs]
c0000526
Apparently, the attack
has them a bit rattled.
c0000527
[RISYA]
Well, yeah.
c0000528
I can see how a failed attempt
on the Queen's life
c0000529
would rattle
a monarchical nation.
c0000530
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
We see this
c0000531
as a perfect opportunity.
c0000532
Hey! You miss me?
c0000533
Still alive, I see!
c0000534
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
Saint Disciples, welcome!
c0000535
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
We've called upon you
c0000536
to join the war effort.
c0000537
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
Your mission is to capture
c0000538
the Queen and the purebreds.
c0000539
I thought you'd never ask!
Purebreds, eh?
c0000540
I've always wanted
to see one with my own eyes!
c0000541
I've always wanted you
to shut up.
c0000542
Your voice disturbs
the natural order.
c0000543
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1B]
Spectacular.
c0000544
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
We've never had so many
c0000545
elite soldiers in one place.
c0000546
[NAMELESS] There are too many
cooks in the kitchen.
c0000547
I can do this on my own.
c0000548
This plan will cost you
and I hope you can afford it.
c0000549
Oh, great!
Looks like everyone's here.
c0000550
♪
c0000551
[sighs]
c0000552
[footsteps]
c0000553
Should all the
Emperor's elite soldiers
c0000554
be in the same place at once?
c0000555
This feels unnecessarily
risky to me.
c0000556
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A] Again,
your concern is misplaced.
c0000557
We cleared this
with the Emperor in advance.
c0000558
You are the
highest-ranking combatants
c0000559
the Empire has to offer.
c0000560
I invite you to do your worst.